1. Line 12 would log ```prices.length``` since ```i``` was declared as ```var```, meaning it is not restricted to the for loop.
2. Because ```discountedPrice``` was declared as ```var```, and line 13 takes place after the for loop, line 13 would log the last declaration of ```discountedPrice```.
3. ```finalPrice``` was declared with ```var```, and it was used inside of the for loop, so line 14 would log the last declaration of ```finalPrice``` from the for loop.
4. The function will return an array of values that were calulated in the for loop. Because it was defined as ```var``` and because values were pushed into it, there would not be any errors in returning it.
5. Line 12 would return an error. Because ```i``` was declared in the for loop using ```let```, its existence is contained only when the for loop is running and therefore it no longer exists outside of it.
6. Line 13 would also return an error. Because it was defined using ```let```, it only exists within the block it was decalred in, that being the for loop. Because line 13 is after the for loop, ```discountedPrice``` no longer exists, so attempting to log it would cause an error
7. This would not result in an error and would instead properly log what ```finalPrice``` was at the end of the for loop. It was declared using ```let``` within the function block, so logging it would not cause errors since line 13 is in the same scope.
8. The function will return an array of values that were calulated in the for loop. Because it was defined as ```let``` in the same scope as the return statement, and because values were pushed into it in the for loop, there would not be any errors in returning it.
9. Line 11 would return an error. Because ```i``` was declared in the for loop using ```let```, its existence is contained only when the for loop is running and therefore it no longer exists outside of it, hence using ```i``` as undefined would cause an error.
10. Line 12 would log ```length``` properly. The length is not changed at all so the use of ```const``` is valid. Because it was also declared in the same scope as line 12, there would be no problems with accessing it and logging it.
11. The function will return an empty array. ```discounted``` is a ```const``` variable, meaning that when values are pushed into the function, nothing actually happens, so ```discounted``` stays empty.
